So you want to Whimsy?
Some Whimsy is, for the first time ever, opening its doors to eager applicants interested in the opportunity to open their own Some Whimsy franchise.

What does it mean to own a franchise of an online t shirt shop? It means a lot. As part of your duties as franchise owner, you will be involved in board meetings and internationally located retreats where we will challenge the meaning of art. On your own, you will create new and potentially exciting content on the semi-regular, which you’ll have the opportunity to sell under the Some Whimsy conglomerate umbrella.

Requirements

While we don’t require any experience in screen printing or art production, there is an application to fill out, which requires applicants to complete a series of increasingly challenging dares. Additionally, we require a personal essay and one letter of recommendation. Applications will be accepted from late May and will be considered on a rolling basis.

Application

A full application will be available shortly, but in the meantime register your interest by filling out this form.

ALEXANDRE POLISE
APRIL 21, 2019


Fail
Hey friends,

A little update from your favorite whimsical pals: we’ve been failing a lot lately.

Yes, from figuring out how to get liquid photoemulsion to a tiny island in the middle of the Mediterranean to navigating Monzo’s inexplicable predisposition to losing mail, the challenges we’ve faced have been as eclectic and whimsical as our tshirts.

One of the main things we hoped to get out of Some Whimsy was an understanding of what kinds of obstacles a young business can encounter, so in that sense we expected to fail and to learn from those failures in a low-risk environment.

I’ve always suspected that there’s one personality trait that drives success more than any of the others and that is an ability to persist despite failure. Here’s the funny thing: you have to be completely delusional to follow that path to success.

Let’s say for now that success of an individual within a group can be characterized as the conviction of a large portion of the people in that group in the value of the individual. So the unsuccessful individual’s necessity to gaining success is to convince the people around him of his value.

And without believing in one’s own greatness, in one’s one value, how can one expect anyone else to believe in it?

Failure is ok. Failure helps us grow. But the beginning of any new journey is wrought with failure as the honest truth is that you’re completely naïve and unprepared, and to weather that failure with a persistent belief that you are great, that you are valuable to your target market defies any logic.

So here we are, in the midst of a whole-hearted attempt to be blissfully bonkers: visiting every single art store in Malta looking for a printing screen; developing screen after screen, one washing away, underexposed, the next stained permanently from leaving photoemulsion remover on it to dry; hand-writing a thank you message to a customer only to forget to put it in the package; standing at the edge of the roof holding a screen in the last bits of fading sunlight. And all the while repeating, “I am good at this, I am creating value.”

Like I said, delusional.

Anyway, thanks to those of you who are willing to join us in our delusion, with your help we are slowly slowly slowly making it a reality.

<3 U

-Alex & Miura

MIURA HAWKINS
MARCH 16, 2019




Introducing the Whim Wham

We’ve got a new kind of t-shirt coming your way: one that you’ve made with us.

Introducing the Whim Wham: each month, we’ll ask you to submit an idea for a t-shirt that you want made. The idea can be as abstract or as concrete as you want it to be (e.g. ブルー, canoes, the sound that rain makes when it hits a tin roof) — your idea can even be in different languages, drawings themselves, photographs or links to YouTube videos. We’ll take pretty much anything.

We’ll look through the submissions at the end of each month and pick a winner. Then, Miura and I will go off and interpret the winning submission as we see fit. We won’t talk to each other until we’re done, and then we’ll reveal our designs to each other and to you. You’ll be able to buy both or either shirt on the site.

The winning submission gets a free shirt on us!

•

It’s well known that constraints make us more creative.

We want to share the artistic process with you so that we can make the most creative designs possible. We can’t wait to see what you come up with!

Want to submit an idea for this month? Head here.

<3 U,

Miura and Alex





We're doing it.

We’re all going through the same thing.

This April marks the five year anniversary of our college graduation. Like good graduates looking for transferable skills, both Miura and I sought masters degrees of engineering in Europe. Miura fled to Zürich, I fled to London. Three years later, we found ourselves software engineers - well paid, international young adults: buying things, going vegetarian and going on holidays, but feeling endlessly bored. We felt bored of being logical. We felt bored of backlit rectangles. We felt bored of envisioning the ideas of others instead of acting on our own impulses.

It sounds like a familiar story because it is — our generation is having a moment. After years of swimming forward with our corporate work, we’re coming up for air and realising that what we’re doing isn’t making us happy. In fact, it’s making us sad. Dehydrated, even.

Some Whimsy is our brain child. As avid writers and illustrators, we have a lot of material that we think looks good when printed in thick, black lines on t shirts.

We make what we want to wear and hope you’ll like it too.





FAQ
Where and how these tees made?
The fine shirts you purchase on this website are hand-printed in our Dalston and Malta studios. We proudly source organic, ethically made t-shirts from Stanley/Stella. You can learn more about their products on their website.

What is your shipping policy?
We’ll ship anywhere with a flat rate of £5 until we find out that we can’t do that and have to change.

How long will my order take to ship?
We’re a new company that makes most orders when they’re placed. Because of the global nature of our business, your tee might come from Malta or it might come from London. Because of this, shipping and processing can take up to 10 days, but could come sooner if you’re lucky. We hope you’re always lucky.

I want a custom design.
Great! We want to make you one. Fill out this contact form and lets us know your thoughts. We’ll get back to you ASAP.



Franchising

A long, long time ago
in a house on the Zürichsee, we woke with the same dream: to create a small clothing community focused on bringing our personal inside jokes to the rest of the world without fully (or even partially) explaining them.

Do you share the same dream? We’re glad.

We’re looking for somewhat motivated entrepreneurs to join us on our mission. Read more about Some Whimsy franchising opportunities here.